[Music]
[Applause]
well hi there worried that you're going
to have to settle for some boring
mundane job to earn a decent living
maybe you'd rather do work that was
exciting and very better yet with a fat
paycheck yeah sign me up oh wait the
catch is that the job can be quite
unsafe oh man well if you're still
interested
here are some dangerous but well-paying
jobs to choose from before you learn how
to make big bucks by taking big risks
don't forget to click the subscribe
button and turn on notifications to join
us on the Brightside
counting down from number 12
underwater welders so you love the water
and you just got certified as a diver so
you're wondering can I make good money
doing this for a living yeah you sure
can as an underwater welder rookies can
make about $30,000 a year not bad but
that can get up to $75,000 with just a
few years of experience and if you're
willing to go deep and take on
saturation diving projects you can earn
extra depth pay and make that 75,000 in
just a month but don't expect to be
anything like those dive vacations in
the Caribbean you see on TV
underwater welders often have to cope
with freezing cold temperatures near
zero visibility and strong wave currents
plus the risk of drowning is very real
if all that doesn't scare you well then
take the plunge number 11 fire fighters
while everybody else is running away
from flames firefighters are heading
right for them dealing with raging fires
smoke toxic gases falling debris and
dangerous chemicals are all part of a
day's work for these brave men and women
so what's the pay like well according to
the US Bureau of Labor Statistics the
average firefighter annual salary is
about forty six thousand eight hundred
seventy dollars while that may not seem
like a lot considering the terrible day
dangers they face on the job they're
unusual working hours contribute to
overtime earnings that can elevate
firefighters into the $100,000 Club
besides money isn't the only reward it's
kind of feel pretty good
saving lives property and the occasional
Kitty cut way up in a tree number 10
stunt performers if you'd rather jump
out of a plane literally then photocopy
one more office document why not
consider becoming a stunt performer
nothing else will keep your heart racing
and your adrenaline pumping like
dangling from a helicopter driving fast
cars at high speeds or wrestling with
sharks a just another day for your
average action thriller stunt double the
dangers are obvious for those with the
right skills and expertise the money can
be pretty good too what's the most
someone has ever earned as a stunt
double you ask how is $150,000 for
jumping off the CN Tower to open the
2015 Pan Am Games in Toronto Canada for
you that's $15,000 per second in case
you were wondering
number nine Construction Supervisor
construction sites are inherently
dangerous places heavy falling objects
trips and getting hit by moving vehicles
are among the hazards faced by
construction workers interestingly job
site supervisors seem to be at greater
risk than the laborers themselves for
every 100,000 supervisors there were 18
fatalities in 2016 compared to 15
fatalities per 100,000 general
construction workers that fairly small
extra risk however brings with it almost
double the pay sixty two thousand nine
hundred eighty per year on average for
supervisors versus thirty three thousand
four hundred thirty dollars for general
laborers number eight mining machine
operator mining for coal gas and other
resources is definitely a risky business
yet most extraction workers are not paid
very much for the very real risks they
take
however some ultra dangerous tasks like
operating certain mining machinery can
be more lucrative if dark places and
tight spaces don't freak you out you can
become a mining roof bolter at the top
end of the mining machine operator pay
scale they make an average of fifty four
thousand three hundred twenty dollars
per year to operate the machinery that
helps prop up underground mines the
downside the rate of injuries for these
folks is five hundred fifty four point
eight per 100,000 workers that's more
than double the rate of mining machine
operators in general number seven
registered nurses nurses play a critical
role in the health care system taking
care of the physical emotional and
intellectual needs of their patients
very stressful work yet important
rewarding and quite hazardous the places
they work include hospitals nursing
homes rehabilitation centers schools and
even prisons in these environments
they're exposed to infectious diseases
toxic substances and radiation on top of
all that they can find themselves
subjected to violence as well however if
you can put up with all that you will be
compensated registered nurse
practitioners earn an average of sixty
eight thousand four hundred fifty
dollars annually those who have
qualifications and experience to manage
and lead staff can climb into the 100
thousand dollar club as well number six
electrical power line inspection and
repair so are you afraid of heights no
great then perhaps you'd consider
becoming an electrical power line
technician the average salary earned by
these folks in 2017 with sixty nine
thousand three hundred eighty dollars to
earn that you'll have to climb to
dizzying heights up poles or towers with
heavy equipment that doesn't sound too
bad does it
here's the thing though you'll likely
have to work very quickly to restore
power often during the same extreme
weather that caused the damage to begin
with plus you'll be handling
high-voltage power lines throw in
fatigue from long pressure-filled shifts
and you've got a recipe for some pretty
dangerous work
number five aircraft pilots if you'd
like to travel all over the world while
earning a fat check you can become an
aircraft pilot the average annual salary
for airline and commercial pilots is
$130,000 according to the US department
of labor statistics see the world and
earn six figures sweet however it's not
as awesome as you might think the
biggest bucks are for captains of large
commercial jets a position for which
you'll need to have a bachelor's degree
if you're interested and of course it
wouldn't be on this list if it wasn't
pretty risky to a fatality rate of fifty
five point five per 100,000 workers
makes it the third most dangerous job in
the US number four astronauts for a job
that's truly out of this world you'll
have to put on a special suit and get
blasted into space while sitting atop a
huge flaming rocket what could be cooler
than that and the money is pretty good
too at least according to NASA civilian
astronauts can expect to start around 66
thousand dollars while the experienced
veterans can bring home over 144
thousand dollars the criteria for entry
are sky-high though for the fourteen
positions that NASA opened in 2016 a
whopping eighteen thousand three hundred
people applied but hey maybe you've got
what it takes to be among the 0.08% that
got selected just keep in mind that
among the 430 astronauts that have gone
to space there have also been 34 deaths
that 7.5 percent mortality rate is
higher than most of the other jobs on
this list
number three paramedics if you can't
decide whether to give firefighting or
nursing a try you might want to consider
becoming a paramedic
they often work alongside firefighters
facing the same perils and like nurses
they provide medical care and are
exposed to all kinds of medical hazards
and if that's not dangerous enough
they often administer care in the back
of an ambulance racing through traffic
to get to a hospital they can earn
between forty thousand and seventy
thousand dollars annually depending on
the experience level and location number
two police officer okay
be honest haven't you ever fantasized
about yelling freeze and arresting a bad
guy in reality the day-to-day life of a
police officer probably isn't as
dramatic as they depicted on TV but that
doesn't mean it isn't really dangerous
unlike the dangers of most other
professions on this list which mostly
revolve around accidents of one type or
another the most common cause of death
among police officers are intentional
shootings as rewarding as it may be to
help maintain law and order getting shot
at is definitely not for everyone what
financial compensation can you expect if
you do decide to put on a uniform and
enforce the law well fifty nine thousand
six hundred eighty dollars was the
average annual salary in 2016 number one
crab fisherman fishing in general is an
extremely dangerous occupation second
only to logging in terms of fatal
injuries as for crab fishing even worse
ice coated boat decks dangerous
machinery stormy weather and huge waves
combined to make deep sea crab fishing
one of the deadliest jobs on the planet
it's not for the faint of heart
you'll work crazy long hours soaking wet
and freezing your butt off in return you
can make some really good money really
fast according to the Alaska fishing
employment center crew men can bring
home between 20,000 to 50,000 dollars
during a three month season
those surveyed by CNN in 2012 said they
made about $100,000 a year
so bright ciders would the pay for any
of these jobs motivate you to live a
little on the edge and give them a try
tell us in the comments below don't
forget to give this video a like share
it with your friends and click subscribe
to stay on the bright side of life